#summary POSdroid a POS solution for android devices.

= Introduction =

POSdroid is a Point of Sale solution for android devices.
POSdroid can communicate with printers, server, payments gateways using android device functionalities.


  * Sales, refunds and cash management
  * Multiple receipts at the same time Pause/Continue/Block
  * Editing and refunding closed receipts
  * Communication between several Posdroids for a single receipt
  * Product recommendations, stocks
  * Product search
  * Iternational tax management
  * BIDI and Bar code integration with built-in camera support
  * Profiles management for products, categories, subcategories, prices and discounts
  * Payment gateways
  * Prepaid
  * Payment methods
  * EMV compliance
  * Mobile payments
  * Infrared, wifi, bluetooth printer communication
  * Cash management (users, products, taxes)
  * Shift reports
  * User profiles with security roles
  * Online & Offline sales.
  * Image libraries
  * Reservation management
  * Schedulling
  * Local layout and ocupation
  * Support for reading BIDI codes and barcodes with integrated camera.
  * Support for printing with infrared printers
  * Support for online stocks
  * GPS Tracking
  * GPRS Communication
  * Wi-Fi
  * RFID
  * Bluetooth
  * Mifare
  * Network communication

== Market Segments ==
  * Kiosks
  * Food
  * Retail
  * Topup
  * Airtime

  * Airline Mobile Point of Sales 
  * Train Mobile Point of Sales  
  * Bus / Coach Mobile Point of Sales 
  * Boats - Ferry Point of Sales 
  * Van Sales
  * Mobile Delivery 
  * Mobile Ticketing
  * Press Delivery 

== Technical Specifications ==

=== Server ===  

==== Databases supported ====

Microsoft SQL Server 2000, 2008

=== Client ===
==== Operating systems ====

Android -  Dalvik VM  - Linux kernel v 2.6

==== Database ====
SQLite for structured data storage 
Access dat from:
  * XML. 
  * Web services. 


==== Platform ====
Java 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0 or higher. 
Supported POS hardware 

=== Peripherals ====
GSM Telephony (hardware dependent) 
Bluetooth, EDGE, 3G, and WiFi (hardware dependent) 
Camera, GPS, compass, and accelerometer (hardware dependent) 


=== Supported countries ===
Spanish. 

=== Van Sales Features ===
  * Transmission of all delivery information to the back office
  * Instant email invoicing for costumers
  * On board inventory
  * Access to customer information
  * Scheduled deliveries
  * Sale invoicing for customers
  * On-screen signature capture
  * Improved routing and scheduling
  * Reports